---
title: Enable Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)
description: Add an extra layer of security for your Expensify login
---
<div id="new-expensify" markdown="1">

Add an extra layer of security to help keep your financial data safe and secure by enabling two-factor authentication (2FA). This will require you to enter a code generated by your preferred authenticator app (like Google Authenticator or Microsoft Authenticator) when you log in.

To enable 2FA,

{% include selector.html values="desktop, mobile" %}

{% include option.html value="desktop" %}
1. Click your profile image or icon in the bottom left menu.
2. Click **Security** in the left menu.
3. Under Security Options, click **Two Factor Authentication**. 
4. Save a copy of your backup codes. This step is critical! You will lose access to your account if you cannot use your authenticator app and do not have your recovery codes.
   - Click **Download** to save a copy of your backup codes to your computer.
   - Click **Copy** to paste the codes into a document or other secure location.
5. Click **Next**.
6. Download or open your authenticator app and connect it to Expensify by either:
   - Scanning the QR code
   - Entering the code into your authenticator app
7. Enter the 6-digit code from your authenticator app into Expensify and click **Verify**.
{% include end-option.html %}

{% include option.html value="mobile" %}
1. Tap your profile image or icon at the bottom of the screen. 
2. Tap **Security**. 
3. Under Security Options, tap **Two Factor Authentication**. 
4. Save a copy of your backup codes. This step is critical! You will lose access to your account if you cannot use your authenticator app and do not have your recovery codes.
   - Tap **Download** to save a copy of your backup codes to your device.
   - Tap **Copy** to paste the codes into a document or other secure location.
5. Tap **Next**.
6. Download or open your authenticator app and connect it to Expensify by either:
   - Scanning the QR code
   - Entering the code into your authenticator app
7. Enter the 6-digit code from your authenticator app into Expensify and tap **Verify**.
{% include end-option.html %}

{% include end-selector.html %}

When you log in to Expensify in the future, you’ll be emailed a magic code that you’ll use to log in with. Then you’ll be prompted to open your authenticator app to get the 6-digit code and enter it into Expensify. A new code regenerates every few seconds, so the code is always different. If the code time runs out, you can generate a new code as needed.

{% include faq-begin.md %}
**How do I use my recovery codes if I lose access to my authenticator app?**

Your recovery codes work the same way as your authenticator codes. Just enter a recovery code as you would the authenticator code.
{% include faq-end.md %}

</div>
